feat: Rodeo filters add docs and fix masking of QI (#145)
ecmwf/anemoi-transform: docs/filters/rodeo_opera_preprocessing.rst

###########################
 rodeo_opera_preprocessing
###########################

The ``rodeo_opera_preprocessing`` function applies filtering to the
OPERA Pan-European composites. This preprocessing consists of:

-  Masking of undetected pixels using the ``mask`` (``dm``) variable
-  Clipping of precipitation values to the range ``[0, MAX_TP]``, where
   ``MAX_TP`` is defined at the configuration level
-  Clipping of the quality index to the range ``[0, 1]``

.. literalinclude:: yaml/rodeo_opera_preprocessing.yaml

>    :language: yaml

Reviewer: (Done. Marking as resolved)

.. note::

   The ``rodeo_opera_preprocessing`` filter was primarily designed to
   work with the 'OPERA Pan-Europeaan' Composites. It's likely these

>    filters would be moved into a pluging in the near-future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   filters will be moved into a plugin in the near-future.
```

Author: this is added now too!
